hey guys so now I'm going to show you
how to make kimchi it's pretty easy
recipe just takes kind of a lot of
cutting I'll list the ingredients in the
infobox and so we'll get started so the
first thing you need is to Napa cabbages
so here's one of them and what you want
to do is you know after you wash it just
cut it into fourths so what I do is I
actually just cut it in half cut it in
half and then just cut it in half again
okay so then which one I do is just make
sure you cut off the hard part down here
you don't want to eat you ought to be
eating that so make sure you just cut
that off and then all you need to do to
cut these into pieces is just take your
quarter and then just make little about
one inch one inch slices good next you
want to do is get one cup of salt you're
going to put this into a container with
ten cups of hot water and you want to
dissolve the salt and basically what
you're going to do is you're going to
put this into the all the cabbage you've
cut up and you're going to soak it
you're going to soak it in salt water
for about two hours so I've got my ten
cups of water in the salt one cup of
salt all dissolved in here and so what
I'm going to do is just dump it into the
Kinch into the cabbage basically what
this is going to do is it's going to
draw out all the water from the cabbage
so basically you're going to let this
sit for about two hours make sure during
the two hours that you you know move the
cabbage around you want to make sure
that everything gets mixed do that maybe
like four times during the two hours the
next ingredient is one clove of garlic
so this is one clove of garlic all
minced up after this you want to take
your half onion and mince that up as
well so again like the garlic this is
the half onion and it's all chopped up
so as you can see it's nice and chopped
up okay so the next thing you want to do
is basically take a piece of ginger
probably about about this much so about
this much a ginger and mince this up as
well next take eight stalks of green
onions and basically just want to chop
these up so just going to chop these up
into small little pieces the last solid
ingredient is the radish usually usually
they're actually bigger but I just buy a
smaller one that way I can throw the
whole thing in there so what you want to
do is skin it first and then what I do
is like cut it in half it's kind of a
crooked half but have to do so cut it in
half first and what you want to do is
you're going to make these into strips
so you want to cut them cut them into
little chunks like this I like that
remember like that and then just you can
actually just stack them too if you want
and try to make the trying to make these
strips pretty thin cause we're going to
be doing these with the cabbage so do
you want them too ridiculously big
no strip like this this is about a good
size so if you've cut up in chopped and
minced all your ingredients what you
want to do is take tablespoon and you
want to do four tablespoons of sugar
someone and you want seven tablespoons
of fish sauce 1/2 and the final
ingredient is of course the red chili
pepper you know like is it that it's
famous color so the recipe actually
calls for one one two quarter cups but
my family's kind of weak sauce so we
don't do anywhere near that so I'm going
to do about I'm going to do about like a
quarter of a cup
okay and also you can also just test it
as well so if it's not hot enough for
you once you put all the kimchi you know
all the cabbage and all this stuff
together you can just add more of the
paste if you want so basically you can
just do what you're liking so after you
add all that stuff then of course you
want to mix everything together and it
should kind of be like a like a paste
okay so if it's not it's not Pacey you
want to add a little bit more water to
make it a little bit more pasty and the
final thing you want to do is take your
kimchi take the cabbage out of the
container and wash it three times and
then want to do is just put it back into
your huge container okay
and last thing you want to do is take
your your big pace that you made and of
course dump that thing into the bowl as
well into the big container okay all you
need to do is just mix it together so
the last thing you want to do is mix it
all together so I just use a plastic bag
give a glove it'll work too and then
just basically mix all this together and
of course if you want to ferment it what
I would do is put it into packing into
jars really tightly so there's no air
and then leave it room temperature
overnight and then you can store it in
the refrigerator or if you want to just
eat it right now it's ready to go so
I'll help this tutorial helped too and
happy cooking